Acne prevention - If you just have a few blackheads, whiteheads and spots, you should be able to treat them successfully with over-the-counter gels or creams (topical treatments) that contain benzoyl peroxide.

Alcohol-related liver disease prevention- Treatment for ARLD involves stopping drinking alcohol. This is known as abstinence, which can be vital, depending on what stage the condition is at.

Allergies prevention- The best way to prevent an allergic reaction is to avoid the substance that you're allergic to, although this isn't always easy or practical.

Anxiety prevention- you may prefer to go on a group course where you and a few other people with similar problems meet with a therapist every week to learn ways to tackle your anxiety.

Asthma prevention- The inhaler usually contains a medicine called a short-acting beta2-agonist, which works by relaxing the muscles surrounding the narrowed airways. This allows the airways to open wider, making it easier to breathe again.

Binge eating prevention- A self-help programme is often the first step towards recovery. There are many different types of self-help and it's important to find one that suits you.

Brain tumours prevention- The main treatment for most brain tumours is surgery, which aims to remove as much of the abnormal tissue as possible.

Chest infection prevention- Stop smoking,Good hygiene,Alcohol and diet.

Chest pain prevention- Treatment for pleurisy will depend on the underlying cause. Pleurisy caused by a viral infection will often resolve without needing treatment, whereas pleurisy caused by a bacterial infection will usually need to be treated with antibiotics.

Chickenpox prevention- If you have chickenpox, stay off work and at home until you're no longer infectious, which is until the last blister has burst and crusted over.

Cold sore prevention- drink plenty of fluids to avoid dehydration,avoid acidic or salty foods and eat cool, soft foods.

Coma prevention- sticking to your diet,regular exercise,moderating alcohol and eating when drinking alcohol,staying hydrated, preferably with water.

Common cold prevention- drink plenty of fluids to replace those lost from sweating and having a runny nose.

Constipation prevention- Including enough fibre in your diet can significantly reduce your chances of developing constipation. 

Coronavirus prevention- Consult to the doctor.

Cough prevention- Treatment isn't always necessary for short-term coughs,The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency recommends that over-the-counter cough.

Depression prevention- There are a number of talking therapies for depression like Cognitive behavioural therapy,Interpersonal Therapy.

Diabetes prevention- Cut Sugar and Refined Carbs From Your Diet,Work Out Regularly,Drink Water as Your Primary Beverage.
 
Diarrhoea prevention- wash your hands thoroughly with soap and warm water after going to the toilet and before eating or preparing food.

Fever prevention- If you have a fever, it's important to keep them hydrated by giving them plenty of cool water to drink.

Flu prevention- There are 3 main ways of preventing flu:the flu vaccination,good hygiene (such as handwashing and cleaning),antiviral medication.

Food poisoning prevention- The best way to avoid getting food poisoning is to ensure you maintain high standards of personal and food hygiene when storing, handling and preparing food.

Headaches prevention- Get enough sleep,Don't skip meals,Exercise regularly,Reduce stress.

Heart failure prevention- Avoid smoking,Avoid drinking excessive amounts of alcohol,Take regular exercise.

HIV prevention- The best ways to prevent HIV are to take PrEP before exposure to HIV, use a condom for sex and to never share needles or other injecting equipment.

Itching prevention- keep your nails clean, short and smooth,use cool or lukewarm water, rather than hot water.

Kidney stones prevention- The best way of preventing kidney stones is to make sure you drink plenty of water each day to avoid becoming dehydrated.

Leg cramps prevention-Most cases of leg cramps can be treated with exercises. 

Malaria prevention- Awareness of risk – find out whether you're at risk of getting malaria,Bite prevention – avoid mosquito bites by using insect repellent, covering your arms and legs, and using a mosquito net.

Migraine prevention-One of the best ways of preventing migraines is recognising the things that trigger an attack and trying to avoid them. 

Obesity prevention- A healthy diet should consist of:plenty of fruit and vegetables,plenty of potatoes, bread, rice, pasta and other starchy foods,some milk and dairy foods.

Toothache prevention- brush your teeth twice a day using a toothpaste that contains fluoride gently brush your gums and tongue as well,clean between your teeth using dental floss and, if necessary, use a mouthwash. 

Tuberculosis prevention- Treatment for tuberculosis (TB) will usually involve a long course of antibiotics lasting several months.

Vomiting prevention- Sit down or lie propped up,Avoid physical activity,Drink something sugary like ginger ale or Gatorade.