Acne symptom - Acne is a common skin condition that affects most people at some point. It causes spots, oily skin and sometimes skin that's hot or painful to touch.

Alcohol-related liver disease symptom-abdominal pain,loss of appetite,fatigue,feeling sick,diarrhoea,feeling generally unwell.

Allergies symptom- sneezing and an itchy, runny or blocked nose,a raised, itchy, red rash,swollen lips, tongue, eyes or face.

Anxiety symptom- restlessness,a sense of dread, feeling constantly "on edge",difficulty concentrating, irritability.

Asthma symptom- wheezing (a whistling sound when you breathe),shortness of breath,a tight chest , which may feel like a band is tightening around it ,coughing.

Binge eating symptom- low self-esteem and a lack of confidence,depression or anxiety,feelings of stress, anger, boredom or loneliness.

Brain tumours symptom- severe, persistent headaches,seizures (fits),persistent nausea, vomiting and drowsiness,mental or behavioural changes, such as memory problems or changes in personality.

Chest infection symptom- the pain feels heavy, pressing or tight,the pain lasts longer than 15 minutes.

Chest pain symptom- a persistent cough,coughing up yellow or green phlegm (thick mucus), or coughing up blood,breathlessness or rapid and shallow breathing,wheezing,a high temperature (fever),a rapid heartbeat.

Chickenpox symptom- spot appear behind the ears,on the face,over the scalp,on the chest and belly,on the arms and legs.

Cold sore symptom- dehydration,feeling sick (nausea),headaches.

Coma symptom- Someone who is in a coma is unconscious and has minimal brain activity. They're alive, but can't be woken up and show no signs of being aware.

Common cold symptom- a sore throat,a blocked or runny nose,sneezing,a cough.

Constipation symptom- stomach ache and cramps ,feeling bloated,feeling sick,loss of appetite.

Coronavirus symptom- continuous cough,fever/high temperature,loss of, or change in, sense of smell or taste (anosmia).

Cough symptom- an upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) that affects the throat, windpipe or sinuses – examples are a cold, flu, laryngitis, sinusitis or whooping cough.

Depression symptom- mild depression ,it has some impact on daily life,moderate depression , it has a significant impact on your daily life,severe depression , this makes it nearly impossible to get through your life day to day.

Diabetes symptom- feeling very thirsty,urinating more frequently than usual, particularly at night,feeling very tired,weight loss and loss of muscle bulk.

Diarrhoea symptom- stomach cramps,nausea and vomiting,headache,loss of appetite.

Fever symptom- upper respiratory tract infections (RTIs),flu,ear infections.

Flu symptom- a sudden fever,a dry, chesty cough,a headache,tiredness and weakness,chills,aching muscles.

Food poisoning symptom- eeling sick (nausea),vomiting,diarrhoea, which may contain blood or mucus,stomach cramps and abdominal pain,a lack of energy and weakness.

Headaches symptom- The exact cause is unclear, but tension headaches have been linked to things such as stress, poor posture, skipping meals and dehydration.

Heart failure symptom- The main symptom of heart failure is breathlessness.Tiredness and lethargy are also common symptoms of heart failure.

HIV symptom- tiredness,joint pain,muscle pain,swollen glands.

Itching symptom- skin conditions – such as eczema,allergies or skin reactions,parasitic infestations – such as scabies,insect bites and stings.

Kidney stones symptom- gets stuck in your kidney,causes an infection,blood in your urine.

Leg cramps symptom- A leg cramp is an episode of sudden pain in the muscles of the leg caused by an involuntary contracting (shortening) of the leg muscle.

Malaria symptom- a high temperature (fever),headache,sweats,chills,vomiting.

Migraine symptom- nausea,vomiting,increased sensitivity to light and sound – which is why many people with a migraine want to rest in a quiet, dark room.

Obesity symptom- Obesity can also affect your quality of life and lead to psychological problems, such as depression and low self-esteem.

Toothache symptom- tooth decay ,this leads to holes (cavities) forming in the hard surface of the tooth,a cracked tooth , the crack is often so small that it can't be seen with the naked eye,loose or broken fillings.

Tuberculosis symptom- lack of appetite and weight loss,a high temperature (fever),night sweats,extreme tiredness or fatigue.

Vomiting symptom- One of the most common causes of vomiting in adults is gastroenteritis. This is an infection of the gut usually caused by bacteria or a virus, which will normally improve within a few days.
